oh yes are you done moving into your new
house Co to Co yep a brand-new house how
nice let's all go to her place next time
this is nice no don't you guys were
definitely laughs it's an authentic
Japanese style house in this present day
and all your father is a chef right Coco
I was hoping for a train to your house
don't worry Kotick oh I'll build one for
you since there's only kotick oh and her
father in the household it's going to be
quite a problem when she's married for
real hey I can marry into your family
quit talking to yourself already hmm hey
that's the girl from this morning let's
go hey Naoki why is that punk well
that's a reality don't let it bring you
down Kotick oh you bet you hey Ken don't
think you can act like that just because
you're in class day topic you're fused
kotick owes love later were you neyo key
that's enough please stop hate stupid
girls it just pissed me off let's go you
bastard using people from class effort
even human that was too cruel how could
he say such a thing to me
please calm down don't let him promote
healing damn it just let me get one
sweet at him let go of me go to co it
was the right choice to give up on him I
feel so torn apart to think that I was
in love with him for two years new
houses are so nice houses are defined by
the smell of Japanese Cypress right
cortical I put you through a lot of hard
times cortical but we father and
daughter can even build a house if we
work together
mom what do you think of the new house
pretty good ain't it but the house makes
creaking sounds every now and then don't
be silly this house is well built and
someday you and your husband will be
living here no way I'm not going to get
a sign love for you are you saying that
you're going to leave your one and only
father after marrying how can you be
such a cold-hearted uh-huh I wonder what
that could be hey cortical coming hello
we've come for a housewarming guys you
already came well if it isn't jinko and
satomi come in wow what a lovely place
you have here wait up here you go oh
thanks let's let ourselves into all
right that was really good I'm so full
mr. i heart how about another glass nah
I think I've had enough actually kin
came over here to console you because of
everything that happened today he's
completely fallen for you hasn't he hmm
what's wrong jinko is it just me as the
juice slammed
huh what do you mean do you think the
house is slanted how could that be
exactly anyway just hurry up and forget
about Naoki okay kotick oh don't speak
of that name ever again just hearing it
pisses me off that punk making a fool
out of me oh man he's really pissed yeah
damn it hey damn it damn it damn it ken
don't break the house surely a wooden
break from something like this would it
sir what was that I didn't do anything
oh no this seems like a big one not good
good ago we gotta get out of here hey
don't worry this is a well-built house
hahaha Coco hurry whoa no what is it I
have to get your mother huh what are you
doing go to go hurry yeah
dad
everyone please stand back dad don't
push it's dangerous please stand back
scary huh this area are answered the q
me sir it's dangerous to move around
here let us handle it shut up in help
we're talking about cocos father here
who's gonna save him huh okay okay
please please calm down sir sorry huh
answer me mr. hari hara here mr. hara
down here I'm coming where are you hey
are you down under there yeah the altar
fell on top of me I can't move oh thank
goodness I'm gonna save you now sir is
there a survivor all right here we go
don't distract me miss Ariana Thanks
you're all right come out quickly I was
trying to bring mom back but instead I
was protected by her starting her very
well that you're safe the survivor has
been safely rescued thank goodness this
is really something else I was a new
house to wasn't huh could it be the only
our house collapsed
yeah it looks like it no way